Add type hints allowing type checkers to resolve types behind members (#122)
nucleic/atom: docs/source/basis/typing.rst

.. _basis-typing:

Typing with Atom
================

.. include:: ../substitutions.sub

> Since a member is a Python descriptor it is logically generic over 2 types:
> 
> - the type that will be returned when accessing the member which we will refer to as T
>   in the following
> - the type member can be set to which is not necessarily T since the validation step
>   of a member is allowed to perform generic conversion. We will refer to this type as s
>   in the following.
> 
> In the type hints file, the |Member| base class is defined as a generic over T and S.

Reviewer: At first I was confused as to why there's two types, had to re-read this a few times. 

```suggestion
Since an atom member is a Python descriptor in which the validation step is allowed to perform a type conversion (ex with `Coerced`), the types may be different when reading and writing the member value. Therefore, the type hint is logically generic over 2 types:

- the type that will be returned when accessing the member, which we will refer to as the getter or read type `T`
 
- the type that the member can be set to, which we will refer to as the setter or write type `S`

```
